c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DXWebMRCS\DXWebMRCS\bin\DXWebMRCS.dll.config
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DXWebMRCS\DXWebMRCS\bin\DXWebMRCS.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DXWebMRCS\DXWebMRCS\bin\DXWebMRCS.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DXWebMRCS\DXWebMRCS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DXWebMRCS\DXWebMRCS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DXWebMRCS\DXWebMRCS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DXWebMRCS\DXWebMRCS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DXWebMRCS\DXWebMRCS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DXWebMRCS\DXWebMRCS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DXWebMRCS\DXWebMRCS\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DXWebMRCS\DXWebMRCS\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DXWebMRCS\DXWebMRCS\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DXWebMRCS\DXWebMRCS\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DXWebMRCS\DXWebMRCS\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DXWebMRCS\DXWebMRCS\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DXWebMRCS\DXWebMRCS\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DXWebMRCS\DXWebMRCS\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DXWebMRCS\DXWebMRCS\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DXWebMRCS\DXWebMRCS\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DXWebMRCS\DXWebMRCS\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DXWebMRCS\DXWebMRCS\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DXWebMRCS\DXWebMRCS\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DXWebMRCS\DXWebMRCS\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DXWebMRCS\DXWebMRCS\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DXWebMRCS\DXWebMRCS\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DXWebMRCS\DXWebMRCS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DXWebMRCS\DXWebMRCS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DXWebMRCS\DXWebMRCS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DXWebMRCS\DXWebMRCS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DXWebMRCS\DXWebMRCS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DXWebMRCS\DXWebMRCS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DXWebMRCS\DXWebMRCS\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DXWebMRCS\DXWebMRCS\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DXWebMRCS\DXWebMRCS\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DXWebMRCS\DXWebMRCS\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DXWebMRCS\DXWebMRCS\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DXWebMRCS\DXWebMRCS\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DXWebMRCS\DXWebMRCS\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DXWebMRCS\DXWebMRCS\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DXWebMRCS\DXWebMRCS\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DXWebMRCS\DXWebMRCS\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DXWebMRCS\DXWebMRCS\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DXWebMRCS\DXWebMRCS\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DXWebMRCS\DXWebMRCS\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DXWebMRCS\DXWebMRCS\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DXWebMRCS\DXWebMRCS\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DXWebMRCS\DXWebMRCS\obj\Debug\DXWebMRCS.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DXWebMRCS\DXWebMRCS\obj\Debug\DXWebMRCS.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DXWebMRCS\DXWebMRCS\obj\Debug\DXWebMRCS.Migrations.initialcontent.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DXWebMRCS\DXWebMRCS\obj\Debug\DXWebMRCS.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DXWebMRCS\DXWebMRCS\obj\Debug\DXWebMRCS.Migrations.menu.resources
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DXWebMRCS\DXWebMRCS\obj\Debug\DXWebMRCS.Migrations.updatedmenu.resources
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DXWebMRCS\DXWebMRCS\obj\Debug\DXWebMRCS.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Project\MRSTemplate\DXWebMRCS\bin\DXWebMRCS.dll.config
D:\Project\MRSTemplate\DXWebMRCS\bin\DXWebMRCS.dll
D:\Project\MRSTemplate\DXWebMRCS\bin\DXWebMRCS.pdb
D:\Project\MRSTemplate\DXWebMRCS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
D:\Project\MRSTemplate\DXWebMRCS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
D:\Project\MRSTemplate\DXWebMRCS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
D:\Project\MRSTemplate\DXWebMRCS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
D:\Project\MRSTemplate\DXWebMRCS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
D:\Project\MRSTemplate\DXWebMRCS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
D:\Project\MRSTemplate\DXWebMRCS\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\Project\MRSTemplate\DXWebMRCS\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\Project\MRSTemplate\DXWebMRCS\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\Project\MRSTemplate\DXWebMRCS\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
D:\Project\MRSTemplate\DXWebMRCS\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Project\MRSTemplate\DXWebMRCS\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\Project\MRSTemplate\DXWebMRCS\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\Project\MRSTemplate\DXWebMRCS\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\Project\MRSTemplate\DXWebMRCS\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
D:\Project\MRSTemplate\DXWebMRCS\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\Project\MRSTemplate\DXWebMRCS\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\Project\MRSTemplate\DXWebMRCS\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\Project\MRSTemplate\DXWebMRCS\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\Project\MRSTemplate\DXWebMRCS\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\Project\MRSTemplate\DXWebMRCS\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
D:\Project\MRSTemplate\DXWebMRCS\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
D:\Project\MRSTemplate\DXWebMRCS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
D:\Project\MRSTemplate\DXWebMRCS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
D:\Project\MRSTemplate\DXWebMRCS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
D:\Project\MRSTemplate\DXWebMRCS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
D:\Project\MRSTemplate\DXWebMRCS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
D:\Project\MRSTemplate\DXWebMRCS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
D:\Project\MRSTemplate\DXWebMRCS\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\Project\MRSTemplate\DXWebMRCS\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\Project\MRSTemplate\DXWebMRCS\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
D:\Project\MRSTemplate\DXWebMRCS\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Project\MRSTemplate\DXWebMRCS\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\Project\MRSTemplate\DXWebMRCS\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\Project\MRSTemplate\DXWebMRCS\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\Project\MRSTemplate\DXWebMRCS\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
D:\Project\MRSTemplate\DXWebMRCS\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\Project\MRSTemplate\DXWebMRCS\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\Project\MRSTemplate\DXWebMRCS\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\Project\MRSTemplate\DXWebMRCS\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\Project\MRSTemplate\DXWebMRCS\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\Project\MRSTemplate\DXWebMRCS\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
D:\Project\MRSTemplate\DXWebMRCS\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
D:\Project\MRSTemplate\DXWebMRCS\obj\Debug\DXWebMRCS.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Project\MRSTemplate\DXWebMRCS\obj\Debug\DXWebMRCS.Migrations.initialcontent.resources
D:\Project\MRSTemplate\DXWebMRCS\obj\Debug\DXWebMRCS.Migrations.menu.resources
D:\Project\MRSTemplate\DXWebMRCS\obj\Debug\DXWebMRCS.Migrations.updatedmenu.resources
D:\Project\MRSTemplate\DXWebMRCS\obj\Debug\DXWebMRCS.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\Project\MRSTemplate\DXWebMRCS\obj\Debug\DXWebMRCS.dll
D:\Project\MRSTemplate\DXWebMRCS\obj\Debug\DXWebMRCS.pdb
D:\Project\MRSTemplate\DXWebMRCS\obj\Debug\DXWebMRCS.Migrations.test.resources
